Xu Nan, you really want to take credit for the king
If you're here to congratulate me
Welcome if not
Turn left when you go out
Then why do I do so much for you?
We each get what we want
You don't lose either.
Miss Su, you actually call me Miss Su
Of course we have to keep our distance
Otherwise, Zhizhi will be angry if he knows
I've been chasing you for so long
Take out 10 billion to help you
Haven't you ever been moved by me?
You invested in 10 billion
But I made you 20 billion
You are not at a loss.
It's not a question of making money or not
Yes, Miss Su
I'm a businessperson.
Don't take money to talk to me about feelings, okay?
I've done so much for you for so long
Haven't you ever been moved by me?
Muzhizhi has never had anything I can't get
Director Zhang is now a stranger
If you buy a girl named Muzhizhi online
Let's just say we paid a high price for all his words
You want a wedding?
I'll let you do the funeral first
made a fortune
Brother, we are going to be rich
I met a huge buyer
With this money
You are one step closer to your art exhibition
Zhizhi as long as you are happy
My exhibition is not that important
How could it not matter?
I'm going to deliver the meal first
Be safe!